our 12th annual pedestrian belly-flop
competition every summer we set up a
swimming pool and back of our theater
that's the pool and we invite people who
happen to be strolling by on Hollywood
Boulevard to change into a bathing suit
and flop into it my cousin Sal is out on
Hollywood Boulevard right now - you look
for in the belly-flop er when you're
pulling these people over I just hope
that no one has diarrhea
that's basically it well let's meet some
of these yeah we'll hopefully don't have
that and you don't need a repeat of 2012
that's yes hi there what is your name oh
my name is Chris I'm from Cincinnati
Chris are you here on vacation I'm
actually my son got married in San Diego
oh he did congratulations to you do you
like his new bride I love her actually
you do well that's great and so you were
in the wedding I assumed I was did you
wear that shirt to it no would you mind
taking that shirt off for us not right
this second but we'd like you to flop
into our pool in our belly flop
competition absolutely all right very
good
[Applause]
all right what is your name I'm a vino
el vino what kind of a name is that um
it's actually a Russian name but I'm
from Belgium
oh you're propelled oh oh I'm sorry
about what happened today yeah I know I
watch the game but you know it's sexy
tonight you will get a chance to bring
pride to your nation finally yeah I'm
gonna try good you like to be part of
our belly flop competition absolutely
okay very good all right
[Music]
[Applause]
we got the pool out back totally that
there's Chris hey Chris hey
[Applause]
that's the next first lady I think okay
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
at least half of those people got lost
on a tour and just sir this time now for
our 12th annual pedestrian belly flop
belly flop security guard in his
official belly flop recliner gear well
gear mocha
hi Jimmy hi airball I know you're
injured but if someone were to start
drowning would you be able to jump in to
save them yeah sure of course you for
sure okay great
that was convincing let's meet our
judges first up he is the culture expert
on the hugely popular Netflix series
queer I say hello to Cabo
Thank You Grom oh isn't it true that
what matters most is what's on the
inside of a belly-flop completely it's
all about the heart that you give when
you hit that water let's remember that
when we are assessing scores Teramo next
up she is host of the SiriusXM Radio
show conversations with Maria Menounos
and founder of afterbuzz TV Maria
Menounos of every you technically have
no belly at all are you qualified to
judge a flop of this type yeah I don't
know yes I believe that I am qualified I
what are you looking for here in in a
flopper I'm looking for style and
finesse nice very good in the anchor
position you know him as Manny on Modern
Family Rico Rodriguez Rico
be honest with me
is this the highlight of your summer so
far it really is Jimmy I am so happy to
be here all right
we're happy to have you Guillermo bring
out flopper number one they will be
rated on a scale of one to ten ten being
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow
when your new son-in-law gets a load of
his new yeah wait till he sees this well
you're really filling out that speedo
are you ready have you done this before
Chris no I've never done this before
never done a belly flop no well boy it
looks like you were born to do this here
we go we're gonna count it down and then
just try to as much spin it's as much
water as possible that's the key count
it down Guillermo 3 2 1 here we go with
Karami
Bravo what do you think I'm giving him a
10 first of all for how wet I am but
also the style of those Speedos
Maria you give him a what shimmy I
thought this was a belly flop contest
not a wet t-shirt I'm soaking wet
I gotta give them a tag this could be
over just right up off the bat and Rico
poof this is a tough decisions a 10
Chris congratulations that's a 30s
really you I mean there's there's no way
to lose right now I mean yeah it's good
first place all started off well you
looked great thank you for doing that
cousin Sal has a hot dog for you enjoy
let's meet our next flopper our next
flopper is here from Belgium where the
president is currently vacationing
[Music]
Elvina are you here on vacation right
now yeah extra time are you you are okay
very good and have you ever tried a
belly flop before
nothing television in America well the
score to beat is a 30 so best of luck to
you Guillermo is gonna count you down
yeah and here we go Guillermo 3 2 1 here
goes Elvina
[Applause]
if there are points assessed for pain I
think I think you know we know but
that's the idea you want to form a
pocket of air with your body and let's
see what the judges think I'm just start
again with Kurama what do you say I'm
living it I'm giving an 8 because of the
pain that you're endure but we didn't
get wet you gotta soak us now you do
have to wet the judges well yeah you say
I'm gonna get burned 8 she was a little
trepidatious there yes so she's getting
a foreign land and we made her get a
subpoena and Rico I'll go with the 9 I
mean a very well done you got a 25 so
that's pretty good but unfortunately I
think your country lost again today yeah
I know I know I watch the game it's sexy
we have a very American treat for you
that's called a hot dog enjoy all right
all right
finally our next whopper is a big
gentleman this is Roger hello
yeah where are you from Roger Inglewood
Inglewood where it's all good right yep
and it is all good indeed I really think
it to be Chris you have to you probably
that's her traditional greeting all
right so let's give it your all 110
percent here is Roger with his turn in
the belly-flop competition Guillermo do
it three two one
[Applause]
Oh see that's one
[Music]
in slow motion and here comes Roger he
gets up pretty high
I mean where do you go from that if
Chris got a 30 what does Roger get
Corriveau what do you give Roger listen
Roger gets an 11 from me an eleven Roger
Maria I kind of hid my face I didn't get
his with this time 10 is good and Rico
okay I got a pretty soaked so I have to
give it a tail all right Rogers
the poets
congratulations like they said that no
one could ever top a perfect score and I
proved them wrong guess what they were
wrong that's right you proved that
dreams do come true thank you Roger all
right we have more flopping to come and
later on we will crown a belly-flop
champion this is so exciting
belly-flop champion for 2018 if you
liked that video then put a ring on it
click the subscribe button below
Oh